[SECRES-5300] Add documentation for SCFW GitHub Action (#38033)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/code_security/_index.md

Use this form to submit your request to join the Supply Chain Security Preview.
{{< /callout >}}

Supply Chain Security prevents malicious open source packages from entering your development environments at the point of installation, before they reach your repositories or CI/CD pipelines.

Unlike SCA, which scans dependencies already in your codebase, the Datadog Supply Chain Firewall (SCFW) intercepts package manager commands (`npm`, `pip`, `poetry`) in real time and blocks malicious or recently published packages before they are installed.

> Supply Chain Security evaluates every package install against Datadog's malicious package feed (powered by [GuardDog](https://github.com/DataDog/guarddog)), known vulnerability advisories, and configurable recency thresholds. SCFW immediately blocks installation of flagged packages with a clear, actionable message on both developer laptops and [CI runners][20].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Supply Chain Security evaluates every package install against Datadog's malicious package feed (powered by [GuardDog][21]), known vulnerability advisories, and configurable recency thresholds. If a package matches one of these checks, SCFW immediately blocks the installation and displays a clear, actionable message on developer laptops and [CI runners][20].
```

[17]: /security/code_security/iac_security/setup/?tab=github
[18]: /security/cloud_security_management/
[19]: /security/code_security/dev_tool_int/mcp_server/

> [20]: /security/code_security/dev_tool_int/scfw_github_action/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[20]: /security/code_security/dev_tool_int/scfw_github_action/
[21]: https://github.com/DataDog/guarddog
```
